https://codepen.io/Master_Nacho/pen/BaKyWvv?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? It reinforces the meaning of content on a web page. 
    2. What is HTML used for? Creating web pages. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It is additinal feature of an element. It is put in the opening tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The most important title, and it should only be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Img and A
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The head tag
    7. What is an id? A unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Only one
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? One time
    10. What is a class? A css selector
    11. What elements can I add a class to? You can put it on multiple
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Many times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? An href tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It provides alternate information if an image can't load.
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section groups information under one tag. A div doesn't have any meaning outside of what you give it. 
    17. What is CSS used for? To describe the meaning of a web page with colors, layouts, and fonts. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. Just type h2 in the css file.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class can be used to describe more than one element, but an id can only describe one. You could use a class to create different looks for different sections of a webpage. An id would be one specific element you wouldn't want changed. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? ."name of element"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p class="human">
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Inheriting certain changes automatically without having to type it out everytime. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? Using decedant selectors. 
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Use the line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? The letter-spacing CSS property sets the horizontal spacing behavior between text characters.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*lakdf*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm. It'll delete it without warning and you won't be able to get it back.
    34. Why should I use version control? So that you can modify code without touching the original
    35. How often should I commit to github? Whenever you want to save progress
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.You want to fork from the master and ensure you are in your own fork before proceding. You then should add your TL as a collaborater and then clone the code from Github onto your terminal. Then you want to create your own branch with your own name and add/commit changes as necessary. When you are ready, you then want to push your finished work back to Github and ensure you are in the correct fork before you submit a pull request. After that, you want to make sure your TL is your reviewer and they'll take the rest!